readded maia.usno.navy.mil as an option for iers A data (#13004)
astropy/astropy: docs/changes/utils/13004.other.rst

> Re-added maia.usno.navy.mil to the list of IERS A data download sources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Reverted ``astropy.utils.iers.iers.IERS_A_URL`` to ``maia.usno.navy.mil`` domain instead of NASA FTP.
```

Author: Alright... does GitHub lack the magic "squash commits" button that I have in GitLab? If so, I am sad.

Author: Squashed the manual way
